
  This file was my list of "things to find out."  I figured if I threw it in 
maybe some of you would know some answers.   Any new information is always 
greatly appreciated, and I'll mention you in my CREDITS file too, eh? 


                 --------------------------------------------

sound cards             (I have some stuff on the Sound Blaster, info on
                         any others would be greatly appreciated)

FAX boards              (I have the Calculus API.  Others welcome)

the new proposed FAX API standard(s) I keep reading about

IBM 2.88mb floppy format (ID byte, sectors, tracks, etc)

IBM 128mb floppy format (ditto)

proprietary EGA/VGA video modes  (everyone seems to have some oddball modes
                                  in their video boards.  More of a curiosity
                                  than anything else, but beats collecting
                                  matchbook covers)

more network stuff - particularly OEM extensions to NETBIOS

IBM Double Byte Character Set stuff   (this stuff is REAL NEAT.  There's maybe
                                       two lines in the MSDOS Encyclopedia, a
                                       word or two in Advanced MSDOS, nothing
                                       in Undocumented DOS.  Microsoft won't
                                       say anything, and IBM refers me to
                                       Microsoft.  This is the way Oriental
                                       versions of DOS handle a squidzillion
                                       Korean, Japanese, and Chinese characters
                                       by extending the ASCII code to two
                                       bytes, giving lots more room.  But how?)

udoc'd MS Mouse calls        (I keep hearing reports of undocumented int 33h
                              and int 16h calls in later versions of MS
                              MOUSE.COM, but I can't track down anything in
                              the versions I have)

low-level tape drive stuff   (how can progs like PC Tools and Norton Backup
                              talk to different tape drives?  I can't get
                              anything at all from Archive, Colorado, or
                              Wangtek)

talker board APIs            (these are special boards for the blind. Some
                              have fancy programming APIs)

DOS redirector interface     (I've heard various stories on this, but the only
                              people I've talked to who've seen it are under
                              nondisclosure.  No help from MS yet.  Evidently
                              I just don't know who to talk to)

MS CD-ROM interface  (Microsoft wrote back and told me there isn't one,
MSCDEX                I have framed the letter as a monument to incompetency)

a copy of the High Sierra CDROM standard

Concurrent DOS (various versions), DR-DOS 3.31 thru 6.0, DOSMerge/386

disk formats for DEC Rainbow, Victor 9000

IBM ESDI Technical Reference - int 13h/1Ah, 1Bh, 1Ch calls

GEM - int EFh API

Btrieve int 7Bh API

IBM XGA specification

Hercules mode detection standard - there was one once, but Hercules doesn't
seem to answer letters

Intel Image Processing Specification 1.0

SEAware FAKEY, etc, etc

DISPLAY.SYS calls

KEYB.COM calls

8514/A API, PGA API     (these are discontinued, but the information would be
                         really nice)

AST Research Generic Accelerator Card Driver (GACD) Specification
                        (also obsolete, but I'd like to have it for
                         completeness - AST doesn't distribute it any more)



